First name : M'laiboli
Last name : Mitnu
Species : Seeker of the Sun miqo'te
Gender : female
Job : Mercenary / conjurer - healer
Sexuality : heterosexual
Notable Quote: "I may look ruthless as Fhurai, but I do care for you and other, or I wouldn't be a healer..."
Trivia :
    Youngest of a family of five, she was always helping family and friends.
    She lived in one of the worse xenophobic period of Gridania.
    She consider G.A.S.T. as her second family, helping her to never forget one she vowed to help.
    

Her hair is light pink with a bobcut framing her face and longer hair going to her neck in the back of her head.
Her eyes are orange with slitted pupils.
She has cuts on her face, one on her nose and one on her left cheek.
Being a Seeker of the sun, she has tribal marks on her cheeks she maintains.

That's under the Fringes' sun in Gyr Abania than M'laiboli was born, in the M tribe. The little girl grew up under the garlean occupation regime, sadness pouring into her from all the sickness and worry of her people. She became fast sick of how her people were treated. She learned how to care for people who could not escape garlean violence. Passed her thirteen Spring, she decided that was too much to bear and fled Gyr Abania to the Shroud.

Arrived to Gridania, she longed to find people wanting to help her. The Xenophobic city-state didn't want it, even when a few people, here and there, lend her a hand. By luck, she nevertheless manages to be trained as a conjurer. From there, she gained works as the healing hand of different parties. She gained experience and abilities while doing her job through them. Her reputation grew as much gridanian became more warm to her.

After years of missions, she went to rest in a local inn to find a lala named Fhurai who proposed to her to help him free Gyr Abania from garleans. Her caring heart grew hot from the anger she accumulated about her people treatment from garlean hands. After a discussion with Fhurai and Aleidis, another mhigan refugee, all three decided to form the Gyr Abania Strike Team, their free company, also known as G.A.S.T.

From there, their little company began to work where it could, taking a few strays in the meantime and growing as much as it could.