First name : Jasmine
Last name : Istana
Species : Raen au'ra
Gender : female
Job : Azure Princess - damage dealer
Sexuality : heterosexual
Notable Quote: "You have to accept your life doesn't belong to you. It belongs to your village people."
Trivia :
    Learnt from a young age to fight with ether as a thaumaturge.
    Lullabies are her favorites songs to sing, turning her voice into a soft whispers.
    Her devotion is to her job, more than to her people, making her a fit manager but not a great ruler.

Hair is long azure hair combed to the side of her head, showing her entire face, including her forehead.
Both her eyes are dark with azure halo all around the irises.
She has a white tail and white horns instead of ears.
She has white scales on her forehead, jaws, arms, forearms, hands, hips, legs and feet.

Heiress of the submarine palace of the Azure Currents, Jasmine Istana lived a life of opulence with the most erudite instructors possible, in the most finely sewn clothes with the demeanor expected of a Princess. She learned how powerful her family was and gained great pride to be born in it. She promised herself to perpetuate that line with her own achievements and producing a child who would be even better.

She spent a long time of her teenagehood to weight which male would fit her the most. For many years, she resorts to choosing a partner out of spite, the offer available to her not being tempting enough for her taste. This is when she met him. Dethanon Hotgo. Mercenary, powerful warrior. Who hide a side she never saw in previous men : a desire to understand other civilizations, to live with them. They became in love little by little. She only revealed her position as the future Princess of the Azure Currents when they confessed their love for each other.

From their union, one child was born. A joyful, happy and social child. Désirée. Her dream and future. The child who would surpass her. Dethanon and her made a child with enormous potential. However, Dethanon death put a dent in Désirée upbringing. She threw herself into her work to forget her pain, to the point of neglecting her daughter during a very difficult time.