First name : Aleidis
Last name : Ashe
Species : Highlander Hyur
Gender : female
Job : Mercenary / pugilist - damage dealer
Sexuality : heterosexual
Notable Quote: "Monks teachings advocate for order and justice, that no longer exist in Gyr Abania"
Trivia :
    She began to learn to fight with her fist at the sweet age of five.
    She made more than one hundred thousand gils in fighting arenas, who made her one of the richest fighters in G.A.S.T.
    She is amongst the rare respected mhigan refugee in Ul'dah.
    

Her hair is dark grey dreads with light grey extremities.
Her eyes are grey colored.
She has a few tattoos on her face, sourced from monks writings.

The childhood of one Aleidis Ashe is more than skechy. Many wonder if she was born in Ul'dah or if she was brought there in a very young age. What sure is her desire to fight who ever try to slight her, be it another child, an adult or monster. The first real look of her was in the pugilists' guild, immersed in the legends of byrabanians monks told by the rare mhigans present there. One detail from her childhood was confirmed as she told people her parents spoke of the monks of old to her when she was young. It can be said today, she is a mhigan refugee.

Unable to find work in the rich city-state of the desert because of her origins and temper, she used her only way of life as a mean to get money : fight in illegal arena, with lots of money at stake. Her life was worth nothing in the eyes of the uldians eyes but her victories sure made them salivate. That's how she began to upgrade her equipment and looks. Money who helped her to avoid a few problems when her contacts told her about a dragnet on her last arena. She lost a few rivals, a few contacts too in the operation. But she kept her freedom. Who let her go disappear in Gridania.

Wanted by the uldians, she kept a low profile losing herself in scrapping a few monsters for hunt contracts. That's after a good prizecash than she met that lalafell called Fhurai. He spoke to her about liberating Ala Mhigo. To regroup all fighting forces of the mhigans to bring down the occupation regime put bu the garleans. Her spirit was fire to his words. This is how she went to meet M'laiboli with Fhurai. Together, the three children of Ala Mhigo created Gyr Abania Strike Team, their free company, also known as G.A.S.T.

From there, their little company began to work where it could, taking a few strays in the meantime and growing as much as it could.