First name : Fhurai
Last name : Xistod
Species : Dunesfolk lalafell
Gender : male
Job : Mercenary / summoner - damage dealer
Sexuality : heterosexual
Notable Quote: "I am forever looking to free Ala Mhigo, whatever the price, even your hate !"
Trivia :
    Smarter than other children of his age, he went through childhood reading all books in his grasp.
    Ever curious, he discovered more about magic than any mhigan, only to use it to free Ala Mhigan.
    His first encounter with a beastman was with a Gnath when he roamed Eorzea and finished in Dravania.

    

His hair is dark red, mid-length hair, styled in a ponytail.
His eyes are light blue without pupils.
He has six red dots on his foredead, aligned as two lines towards his nose.
He wears glasses, got a little pointy beard and a red mark around his left eye.

Fhurai story begin in Little Ala Mhigo in the Southern Thanalan, born from two unknown Mhigan refugees. Impressionable and active in his community, the little boy was affected by the obsession his people : free the great city-state of Ala Mhigo. He grew up hearing tales of the city's great walls. He marveled at the songs describing the battles won by the monks of the Temple of Rhalgr's Fist. He was proud to hear how the mountains of Gyr Abania had sheltered the survivors of the Water Calamity.

Once adult enough, the little mage searched a mean to help his community in its endeavour. Travelling for diverses works, he went into the contact of different data caches, looking like Allagan lost informations about diverses fighting abilities. After a few tries, he found summoning techniques who let him summon a carbuncle like arcanists but egis too. Egis, like copies from primals, but he could control them. From there, he grew his power to keep Titan-egi at his sides to protect him while he defended himself.

Once his power solidified, he begun to take more dangerous jobs who help him to grow a name, making him a sought mercenary for complicated works. His name helped him growing contacts in the different city-states composing Eorzea. Through them, he looked for young mhigan ready to follow him. This is how he met M'laiboli and Aleidis, in Gridania. Together, the three children of Ala Mhigo created Gyr Abania Strike Team, their free company, also known as G.A.S.T.

From there, their little company began to work where it could, taking a few strays in the meantime and growing as much as it could.