First name : L'envie
Last name : D'aimer
Species : Raen au'ra
Gender : female
Job : import/export agent/white mage - healer
Sexuality : gay
Notable Quote: “Contrary to what my mother said, I decided to live my life as I work : on my terms.”
Title : The Azure Princess (title she got once she acceded her line throne), The Lost Princess (title she got between her exile and her return to Kyōju-no-Sato), Crafter Extraordinaire (title given by admirative merchants in sight of her creations)
Trivia
    Primal trophies collectionist without fighting one.
    A fan of cabaret to the point she owns a personal one who is sought by professional dancers to performs for well earned salary.
    Fish, when she has little time, is difficult to find with her jobs and personal projects.
    Has a save people thing, who makes her collect stray women as retainers and help people when she can.

Hair is long dark blue with a patch of lighter hair in her front bangs in a princess cut.
Her left eye is light blue and her right eye is dark blue.
She has a white tail and white horns instead of ears.
She has white scales on her forehead, nose, jaws, arms, forearms, hands, hips, legs and feet.

Born Désirée, she is the daughter of the Princess of the Azure Currents, Jasmine Istana from Kyōju-no-Sato. Growing up under the care of her father Dethanon Hotgo who came from Hotgo tribe in the Azim Steppe, she is a happy child and very sociable with all adults and children.

Following the dramatic events leading to the murder of her father before her own eyes at age seven, and her aetherial reaction leading to the deaths of both murderers, Désirée is quarantined to learn how to control her powerful aether coming from her xaela father whom origin is from the Hotgo tribe in the Azim Steppe. She had to calm down a wild aether who destroyed things around her. She had to learn how to calm herself and her aether to live peacefully. This led to social isolation where she lost contact with everyone she knew. After a few years, other lessons emerged. Etiquette lessons and others, everything about her future status as Princess of the Azure Currents.

At the age of fourteen, she reappears in her village, a depressed and lonely teenager. She tried to start relationships again, but the lost time created rumors that she was a monster in waiting, a powerful demon that the current Princess raised to scare them all and become a demon princess.

After a while, she managed to help the elderly and they accepted her again. She learned from them how to contact her fellow teenagers but the rumors remained too alive for them to let her approach them. These rumors grew worse as many people became suspicious of the daughter and mother. People were complaining more and more about the current Princess & her politics. A group of men began to move around. And some elders alerted Désirée that a coup was possible.

After learning some aether manipulation from an elder, Désirée went to her mother, sensing the people's anger and asking her mother to accompany her, flee the region and start again elsewhere. The mother dismissed her own daughter and told her to assume her position. Désirée decided that her life was more important than the duties they were going to lose. The mother then exiled her daughter, calling her a nobody, removing her name from the line of succession. Désirée took the news well and changed her name to L'envie D’aimer. It was the beginning of a life as a sixteen year old, full of downs, leading to personal hell. And many ups, which lead her to a better life.

After her escape from the village, she swims to the surface, ready to discover a strange new world. Her first meeting is with a boat full of pirates who first appear helpful helping her with food and bed. But soon after, they held her captive, making her their public toilet, mass raping her, using her as an object to alleviate their lust. A few months later, she was rescued by a mercenaries group whose goal was to eliminate the pirates.

The red-haired leader dunesfolk lalafell male Fhurai Xistod, who saved her, was accompanied by the seeker of the sun miqo’te female healer M'laiboli Mitnu, the highlander hyur female fist fighter Aleidis Ashe and the xaela au’ra male warrior Khal Borlaaq. They brought L’envie to an isolated hospital where she rested for a few weeks, having lost all will to live. There, she showed a profound fear of men's gender, shouting and crying in close proximity to all men. Women only could approach her, removing thoughts of suicide in L’envie’s mind. She leaned even more toward female love, swearing off male love altogether. 

When the mercenaries group came back after those weeks to take news, the au’ra officially met the lalafell. Their discussion is a wake up call, reminding L’envie how young she is and how she still has a life to live. She needed to get better to join them. Her aether control is abysmal after her trauma. She can only destroy, no healing possible. Taking her future in her hands, she recovers while training to take control back of her powers. Her little crush on one nurse led her to her first kiss. But nothing more happened, relationship-wise.

At her seventeenth birthday, she officially joined the group as a black mage, specializing in fire magic. Fhurai was the paternal figure, M’laiboli was the big sister, Aleidis the hothead friend and Khal, the joker of the group. L’envie only used her powers to destroy from that moment until she learned to calm herself again. Their only respectable jobs are manhunting bandits and/or helping civilians. In those adventures, she became friends with Vanu Vanu and Kobolds, beastmen feared by city-states inhabitants. Many of those jobs come from the Order of the Two Adder. And L’envie profits of her down time to learn a new skill, crafting as a carpenter, a blacksmith, an armorer, a goldsmith, a leatherworker, a weaver, an alchemist and a culinarian.

Living in the mercenaries company, L’envie learned more from her allies. Fhurai was planning everything with the goal to free Ala Mhigo from Garlemald. M’laiboli was bossy in the interest of the group. Aleidis tried to emulate the gyrabanian monks from old. Khal hid a thoughtful and philosophical side shown only in when alone with someone else. She took moments to discover how complex she was too.

In the war leading to the Seventh Umbral Calamity, L’envie and the mercenary group known as Gyr Abania Strike Team, aka G.A.S.T, fight in multiple difficult battles and near death experiences. In those events, all members of the company saved other lives multiple times. In one of those events, at age nineteen, L’envie was calm enough to use her healing powers again. From that event, L’envie used healing and destructive powers at the same time, to the surprise of her teammates. The company survived the near contact of Bahamut in Carteneau.

After the Seventh Umbral Calamity, L’envie is tired and wants to take a break. The whole company decided to recover. L’envie takes a few jobs from wealthy corporations to craft housing materials. From that experience, L’envie learns treasure hunts and trading, trading she teaches to her beastmen allies. At the side, L’envie has a few flings with women, nothing serious apart from one lasting relationship who sting her for a few days. She also turned her combat training on focusing healing, making her goal to master white magic more than black magic. She wants to heal more than destroy.

Jobs become shady, for they are taken only to get paid. Money is needed for the company goal : Ala Mhigo liberation. L’envie begins to rebel as she refuses to participate in jobs asking to kill beastmen discontents. That leads to her first clash with Fhurai who explains to her that some sacrifices have to be made. To comfort herself, L’envie takes crafting jobs besides her mercenary jobs. One of her finest works is destroyed by a wild monster and L’envie had to take too much time at night to repair it so she was not used in her mercenary work, disappointing her lalafell leader and father figure, leading to a second clash.

After thinking about it, L’envie decides to part ways with G.A.S.T. She then creates her own company called “Azure Treasures Co.” in Limsa Lominsa and buys her first house with her own money in Mist. Her jobs become more and more rewarding, leading her to have recognition for her work and demands from rich patrons. With time, she becomes more known. Jobs come from all over Eorzea. Rare artefacts are created or found/sold. Her fortune increased drastically. She bought a middle house in Mist. 

By fate, she finds herself two retainers. That's a pure random moment who made Neyaz Fyth meet L'envie D'aimer in an inn in Limsa Lominsa, right after arriving in Eorzea. The thoughtful woman discussed a long time with a smart and skillful woman in need of help with the many needs of her work and life. Nobody, apart from herself, knows why but she decided there to serve L'envie, to the surprise of the au'ra herself. Neyaz told L'envie at that moment she saw grandeur and a legend in the making in L'envie. The au'ra took a few seconds before accepting Neyaz as her retainer (even if Neyaz jokes she is a humble servant to her mistress). Gullible, unlucky and friendly enough (her bad luck making lots of people avoid her), Galare Nouise has some bad times where she has to accept odd jobs to survive. What made nearly sign her life in servitude to Ul’dah slavers. By a huge stroke of luck, one L'envie D'aimer passed the two parties at the right moment and helped Galare to avoid an ungrateful life. Thanking all gods and powers putting L'envie in her midst, Galare decided to repay her debt by serving the blue-haired woman as her retainer. Well, as much her rescinding bad luck permits her.


After her first meeting with the Scions of Seventh Dawn when she was twenty two years old, L’envie discovers her powers had strange effects. In the presence of females with specific pheromones, her powers brought out a hidden desire to breed. Those powers changed her physical capacities too as her clitoris changed into a penis who can ejaculate. Minfilia Warde, leader of the Scions, was the first woman who triggered her. L’envie fled and had a meltdown about having a penis attached to her. After a few weeks and a visit to a doctor, L’envie had to accept the reality, some female made her grow a hard penis, ready to breed them. After awkward moments with Minfilia, L’envie developed a deep relationship where she used that new penis, under the order of dominatrix Minfilia who assumed the leadership of their physical relationship.

Realm Reborn events begin when she is twenty four years old.